Docs: exposing CKBox more. (#14040)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/features/using-file-managers.md

---
category: features-image-upload
menu-title: CKBox file manager
order: 20
badges: [ premium ]
---

# CKBox file manager

> The most con venient way to upload, manage, and insert images into content in CKEditor is by using file managers. CKBox is a modern file management platform with a clean UI and a top-notch UX.

Author: ```suggestion
The most convenient way to upload, manage, and insert images into content in CKEditor 5 is by using a file manager. CKBox is a modern file management platform with a clean UI and a top-notch UX.
```
